Hi guys and welcome back.
In this section, we're gonna be looking
at interacting with APIs.
APIs are a really simple thing.
They're basically a programme
that receives data from you
and gives you data back be that what it may.
So, in this section, we're going to be using this API
called open exchange rates.
This receives some data from you,
which is what you want from it
and it sends you some data back.
For example, the current latest currency exchange rates.
So, let's have a look at open exchange rates.
First thing to do is of course to sign up
and they've got some paid plans
but they've also got a free plan.
The free plan is a bit limited
but it's okay for what we wanna do
and to learn about APIs.
So, sign up to the free plan
and then let's go over to our dashboard.
When you're in your dashboard,
you'll see something like this.
I've got already some API requests that I've made.
I've interacted with the API already,
so here it shows me what I have interacted with
and when but since we're only just getting started,
do go to your App IDs section of the page
and then create a new app ID.
The API needs this app ID whenever you ask it something
so it knows it's you
and that you have an account,
so by sending them this string here,
the app ID, then they'll know
that you are a valid user.
Just copy that and let's go over to our programme
where we're gonna start working
on interacting with this API,
so once you've got this, that's everything you need.
I'll see you in the next video.